doc: add minutes for meeting 2 Dec 2021 (#1134)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2021-12-02.md

# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-12-02

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/oh8tHHAgYbc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1131>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

> * Tierny -  nomination was on agenda for 7 days without objections. Welcome to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tierny Cyren (@bnb) collaborator  nomination was open for 7 days without objections. Welcome to the
```
